Disable indentation checking for property values that use dynamic expressions (#44)
stylelint-stylistic/stylelint-stylistic: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Fixed

> - Disable indentation checking for property values that use dynamic expressions when `postcss-styled-syntax` is used ([#44](https://github.com/stylelint-stylistic/stylelint-stylistic/pull/44)) ([@MorevM](https://github.com/MorevM)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Indentation checking for property values that use dynamic expressions when using `postcss-styled-syntax` is now disabled ([#44](https://github.com/stylelint-stylistic/stylelint-stylistic/pull/44)) ([@MorevM](https://github.com/MorevM)).
```
